instead of jumping out of bed
and rushing right into the stress of
what you need to do
breathe take a moment to eliminate the
stress and realign your mind body and
brain with the joy that does live inside
you
you get to choose if your day is going
to be like every other day or if it's
going to be a great day
and you decide first thing in the
morning by giving yourself that time to
realign your brain to positivity to
redirect your mind to what is good in
your life
what is good in your life right now
take a moment to think about it
start your day with intention today I
will be present today I will be kind
today I will be the example I expect of
others today I will give my all in every
moment
it's all about intention when you direct
your focus to the good you will see more
good if your focus is directed to the
stress and struggle you will see more
stress and struggle if you want to be
really happy give thanks that's the
secret happy people are grateful people
so spend time in gratitude spend time in
intention and expectation for what a
great day today is going to be feed your
mind with something positive read or
listen to something uplifting something
that will grow your mind or Spirit
you attract your intentions you attract
your beliefs you attract what you feel
so get up and feel good when you direct
your focus to the good you will see more
good if your focus is directed to the
stress and struggle you will see more
stress and struggle
that is your only job get up and get
yourself feeling amazing
ask yourself how can I feel great today
how can I grow today how can I make
others feel great today open your eyes
to the magic around you I guarantee you
you have been missing out on Miracles
because you have been lost in the stress
and noise inside your head get out of
your head and get into the magic of life
today is a new day a fresh clean canvas
you can paint whatever you want on that
canvas no matter what happens
you are the artist add some color some
Joy some life to your canvas leave
nothing off that canvas as soon as you
get up in the morning ask yourself
what's really important today is it
important that I rush around stressed at
everything I have to get done or can I
just enjoy this moment can I set the
tone for the rest of my day you decide
what kind of day you will have not what
happens but how you will respond to
everything that happens you can respond
positively to any situation will you
respond with presence
will you see will you seek good will you
find a way around the obstacles will you
write your own story or will life write
it for you
[Music]
foreign